Adding in the ability to use ChatBot configurations (#367)
awslabs/aws-deployment-framework: docs/admin-guide.md

        name: omg_production
```

### Integrating with Slack with AWS ChatBot
The ADF also now supports integrating pipeline notifications with slack via the AWS ChatBot. This allows pipeline notifications to scale and provides a consistent slack notification across different AWS services. 

In order to use AWS ChatBot, you must have already configured an (AWS ChatBot Client)[https://us-east-2.console.aws.amazon.com/chatbot/home?region=eu-west-1#/chat-clients] for your desired slack workspace. Once the client has been created. You will need to manually create a channel configuration that will be used by the ADF. 

> Currently, there isn't the ability to dynamically create channel configurations, but each deployment map can have a unique channel configured via the notification endpoint param. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, dynamically creating channel configurations is not supported. In the deployment map, you can configure a unique channel via the notification endpoint parameter for each pipeline separately. Add the `params` section if that is missing and add the following configuration to the pipeline:
```

```

>     params:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pipelines:
  - name: some-pipeline
    # ...
    params:
```
